# Meeting Minutes
## Team3-Basyx-Editor

Meetings were hold between September 2025 and June 2026.

## Table of contents
1. [Meeting 23.09.](#23_09)
2. [Meeting 02.10.](#02_10)
3. [Meeting 06.10.](#06_10)
4. [Meeting 09.10.](#09_10)
5. [Meeting 27.10.2023](#27_10)
6. [Meeting 03.11.2023](#03_11)
7. [Meeting 08.03.2024](#08_03)
8. [Meeting 15.03.2024](#15_03)
9. [Meeting 05.04.2024](#05_04)
10. [Meeting 12.04.2024](#12_04)
11. [Meeting 03.05.2024](#03_05)

## Meeting  Protocol  of 23.09.  <a name="23_09"></a>

## Type of Meeting
This meeting was a ```Weekly```.

## Protocol Writer
This protocol was written by ```Martin Böhm```.

## Meeting Participants

* Martin Böhm
* Florian Zahn
* Federico DiBenedetto
* Felix Bandl
* Daniel Ziegler
* Leonardo Risatti

## Meeting Duration
This meeting took ```1 hour```.

## Agenda and Summary

|Agenda          |Summary                      |
|----------------|-----------------------------|
|First steps|Get an overview of the project|
|Weeklys|Thursdays 10:30 to 11:00 AM|
|Assign Jobs| <ul><li>Project Director: Martin Böhm</li><li>Project Manager: Florian Zahn</li><li>Test Manager: Daniel Ziegler</li><li>System Architect: Federico DiBenedetto/ Felix Bandl</li><li>Technical Documentation: Leonardo Risatti/ Morten Haase</li></ul>|

## Work Progress

|Name            |Task                              |
|----------------|----------------------------------|
|Martin Böhm |Inspect Project, Inform Stakeholders about Team|
|Florian Zahn|Inspect Project, Preparation of GitHUb Introduction|
|Federico DiBenedetto|Inspect Project|
|Felix Bandl|Inspect Project|
|Daniel Ziegler|Inspect Project|
|Leonardo Risatti|Inspect Project|
|Morten Haase|Inspect Project|

## Further Informations
---

# Meeting  Protocol  of 02.10. <a name="02_10"></a>

## Type of Meeting
This meeting was a ```Weekly```.

## Protocol Writer
This protocol was written by ```Martin Böhm```.

## Meeting Participants

* Martin Böhm
* Florian Zahn
* Federico DiBenedetto
* Felix Bandl
* Daniel Ziegler
* Leonardo Risatti
* Morten Haase

## Meeting Duration
This meeting took ```30 Minutes```.

## Agenda and Summary

|Agenda          |Summary                      |
|----------------|-----------------------------|
|Introduction GitHub (Florian)|Use of Issues, Test-Branches, Pull Requests, Git Desktop|
|Concrete Requirements|Martin asks for Meeting with Stakeholders|
|Start Documentation|Additional Meeting in Small Group (9.10.)

## Work Progress <a name="02_10_WP"></a>

|Name            |Task                              |
|----------------|----------------------------------|
|Martin Böhm |Inspect Project, Inquiry: Meeting with Stakeholders|
|Florian Zahn|Inspect Project|
|Federico DiBenedetto|Inspect Project|
|Felix Bandl|Inspect Project|
|Daniel Ziegler|Inspect Project|
|Leonardo Risatti|Inspect Project|
|Morten Haase|Inspect Project|

## Further Informations
---


# Meeting  Protocol  of 06.10.  <a name="06_10"></a>

## Type of Meeting
This meeting was a ```Ad-hoc```.

## Protocol Writer
This protocol was written by ```Felix Bandl```.

## Meeting Participants

* Martin Böhm
* Florian Zahn
* Federico DiBenedetto
* Felix Bandl
* Daniel Ziegler
* Leonardo Risatti
* Morten Haase

## Meeting Duration
This meeting took ```1 hour```.

## Agenda and Summary

|Agenda          |Summary                      |
|----------------|-----------------------------|
|Basyx Starter Kit|Each Team Member has fully developed Environment|
|UI User Test|UI Test with Test Samples|
|Requirements|Collections of Questions for Stakeholders|


## Work Progress 
see [Work Progress Last MeetingMeeting 23.09.](#02_10_WP)

## Further Informations/Problems
-Issues with Docker and Server-Setup
-Understanding of Requirements is problematic
-Basyx/ AAS-Environment hard to understand
-What is KBL/VEC?


# Meeting  Protocol  of 20.10.2023  <a name="20_10"></a>

## Type of Meeting
This meeting was a ```Weekly```.

## Protocol Writer
This protocol was written by ```Tristan Kopp```.

## Meeting Participants

* Florian Dörr
* Simon Lutz 
* Robin Ernst
* Thomas Ekhardt
* Tristan Kopp 

## Meeting Duration
This meeting took ```1 hour```.

## Agenda and Summary

|Agenda          |Summary                      |
|----------------|-----------------------------|
|Progress since 13.10.2023 |SRS and BC are complete & Wiki links are now correct|
|New Tasks|see [Work Progress](#20_10_WP)|


## Problems
Some wiki info's aren't updated.


## Work Progress <a name="20_10_WP"></a>

|Name            |Task                              |
|----------------|----------------------------------|
|Florian Dörr |Time schedule|
|Simon Lutz|Planning architecture & writing SAS|
|Robin Ernst|Buisness cases|
|Thomas Ekhardt|Wiki & prepare Power Point|
|Tristan Kopp|Write protocols|

# Meeting  Protocol  of  27.10.2023 <a name="27_10"></a>

## Type of Meeting
This meeting was a ```Weekly```.

## Protocol Writer
This protocol was written by ```Tristan Kopp```.

## Meeting Participants

* Florian Dörr
* Simon Lutz 
* Robin Ernst
* Thomas Ekhardt
* Tristan Kopp 

## Meeting Duration
This meeting took ```1 hour```.

## Agenda and Summary

|Agenda          |Summary                      |
|----------------|-----------------------------|
|Progress since 20.10.2023||
|New Tasks| see [Work Progress](#27_10_WP)|

## Problems
No problems to mention.


## Work Progress <a name="27_10_WP"></a>


|Name            |Task                              |
|----------------|----------------------------------|
|Florian Dörr |Project plan|
|Simon Lutz|Plan architecture|
|Robin Ernst|Business Case & inspect code|
|Thomas Ekhardt|prepare presentation|
|Tristan Kopp|write protocols|

# Meeting  Protocol  of 03.11.2023  <a name="03_11"></a>

## Type of Meeting
This meeting was a ```Weekly```.

## Protocol Writer
This protocol was written by ```Tristan Kopp```.

## Meeting Participants

* Florian Dörr
* Simon Lutz 
* Robin Ernst
* Tristan Kopp 

## Meeting Duration
This meeting took ```1 hour```.

## Agenda and Summary

|Agenda          |Summary                      |
|----------------|-----------------------------|
|Progress since 27.10.2023|BC & project plan are almost done|
|Presentation next week|Everyone prepare the slides|
|New Tasks|see [Work Progress](#03_11_WP)|

## Problems
Thomas Ekhardt is ill.


## Work Progress <a name="03_11_WP"></a>


|Name            |Task                              |
|----------------|----------------------------------|
|Florian Dörr |project structure plan & prepare for presentation|
|Simon Lutz|prepare for presentation|
|Robin Ernst|BC & prepare for presentation|
|Thomas Ekhardt|prepare for presentation (ill)|
|Tristan Kopp|Write protocols & Update ReadMe & prepare for presentation|

# Meeting  Protocol  of 08.03.2024  <a name="08_03"></a>

## Type of Meeting
This meeting was a ```Weekly```.

## Protocol Writer
This protocol was written by ```Tristan Kopp```.

## Meeting Participants

* Florian Dörr
* Robin Ernst
* Thomas Ekhardt
* Tristan Kopp 

## Meeting Duration
This meeting took ```1 hour```.

## Agenda and Summary

|Agenda          |Summary                      |
|----------------|-----------------------------|
|Recap|SAS is finished --> OpenAPI specification and start development|
|New Tasks|write OpenAPI specification, Architecture, search Server to run API, OpenAPI specification|
|Start of devevlopment|Architecture is now in repository. Development should start next Week. Waiting for Server and OpenAPI specification|

## Problems
Server to host API dosen't work


## Work Progress

|Name            |Task                              |
|----------------|----------------------------------|
|Florian Dörr |OpenAPI specification|
|Robin Ernst|Architecture|
|Thomas Ekhardt|search Server to run API, test planning|
|Tristan Kopp|OpenAPI specification|

# Meeting  Protocol  of  15.03.2024 <a name="15_03"></a>

## Type of Meeting
This meeting was a ```Weekly```.

## Protocol Writer
This protocol was written by ```Tristan Kopp```.

## Meeting Participants

* Florian Dörr
* Robin Ernst
* Thomas Ekhardt
* Tristan Kopp 

## Meeting Duration
This meeting took ```1 hour```.

## Agenda and Summary

|Agenda          |Summary                     |
|----------------|-----------------------------|
|Finished Tasks|OpenAPI Specification, find Server to host API|
|new Tasks||

## Problems



## Work Progress

|Name            |Task                              |
|----------------|----------------------------------|
|Florian Dörr |planning + API specification|
|Robin Ernst|developing API|
|Thomas Ekhardt|Writing test plan|
|Tristan Kopp|API specification|

# Meeting  Protocol  of 05.04.2024  <a name="05_04"></a>

## Type of Meeting
This meeting was a ```Weekly```.

## Protocol Writer
This protocol was written by ```Tristan Kopp```.

## Meeting Participants

* Florian Dörr
* Robin Ernst
* Thomas Ekhardt
* Tristan Kopp 

## Meeting Duration
This meeting took ```1 hour```.

## Agenda and Summary

|Agenda          |Summary                      |
|----------------|-----------------------------|
|Progress since 15.03.|STP done|

## Problems 



## Work Progress

|Name            |Task                              |
|----------------|----------------------------------|
|Florian Dörr |check server for API|
|Robin Ernst|complete nameplate generation|
|Thomas Ekhardt|check STP with customer ,AAS fetcher|
|Tristan Kopp|API endpoints|

# Meeting  Protocol  of  12.04.2024 <a name="12_04"></a>

## Type of Meeting
This meeting was a ```Weekly```.

## Protocol Writer
This protocol was written by ```Tristan Kopp```.

## Meeting Participants

* Florian Dörr
* Robin Ernst
* Thomas Ekhardt
* Tristan Kopp 

## Meeting Duration
This meeting took ```1 hour```.

## Agenda and Summary

|Agenda          |Summary                     |
|----------------|-----------------------------|
|Finished Tasks|OpenAPI Specification, find Server to host API|
|new Tasks||

## Problems



## Work Progress

|Name            |Task                              |
|----------------|----------------------------------|
|Florian Dörr |planning + API specification|
|Robin Ernst|developing API|
|Thomas Ekhardt|Writing test plan|
|Tristan Kopp|API specification|

# Meeting  Protocol  of 03.05.2024  <a name="03_05"></a>

## Type of Meeting
This meeting was a ```Weekly```.

## Protocol Writer
This protocol was written by ```Tristan Kopp```.

## Meeting Participants

* Florian Dörr
* Robin Ernst
* Thomas Ekhardt
* Tristan Kopp 

## Meeting Duration
This meeting took ```1 hour```.

## Agenda and Summary

|Agenda          |Summary                      |
|----------------|-----------------------------|
|Progress since 12.04.|API spec done, Review from customer|

## Problems 



## Work Progress

|Name            |Task                              |
|----------------|----------------------------------|
|Florian Dörr |Code Review, Format Checker, PSP|
|Robin Ernst|BC|
|Thomas Ekhardt|write Testplan|
|Tristan Kopp|module documentation|
