# Meeting Minutes
## Team3-Basyx-Editor

Meetings were hold between September 2025 and June 2026.

## Table of contents
1. [Meeting 23.09.](#meeting-protocol-2309)
2. [Meeting 02.10.](#meeting-protocol-0210)
3. [Meeting 06.10.](#meeting-protocol-0610)
4. [Meeting 09.10.](#meeting-protocol-0910)
5. [Meeting 16.10.](#meeting-protocol-1610)
6. [Meeting 23.10.](#meeting-protocol-2310)
7. [Meeting 30.10.](#meeting-protocol-3010)
8. [Meeting 31.10.](#meeting-protocol-3110)
9. [Meeting 07.11.](#meeting-protocol-0711)
10. [Meeting 14.11.](#meeting-protocol-1411)




## Meeting Protocol 23.09.
 
## Type of Meeting
This meeting was a ```Weekly```.

## Protocol Writer
This protocol was written by ```Martin Böhm```.

## Meeting Participants

* Martin Böhm
* Florian Zahn
* Federico DiBenedetto
* Felix Bandl
* Daniel Ziegler
* Leonardo Risatti

## Meeting Duration
This meeting took ```1 hour```.

## Agenda and Summary

|Agenda          |Summary                      |
|----------------|-----------------------------|
|First steps|Get an overview of the project|
|Weeklys|Thursdays 10:30 to 11:00 AM|
|Assign Jobs| <ul><li>Project Director: Martin Böhm</li><li>Project Manager: Florian Zahn</li><li>Test Manager: Daniel Ziegler</li><li>System Architect: Federico DiBenedetto/ Felix Bandl</li><li>Technical Documentation: Leonardo Risatti/ Morten Haase</li></ul>|

## Work Progress

|Name            |Task                              |
|----------------|----------------------------------|
|Martin Böhm |Inspect Project, Inform Stakeholders about Team|
|Florian Zahn|Inspect Project, Preparation of GitHUb Introduction|
|Federico DiBenedetto|Inspect Project|
|Felix Bandl|Inspect Project|
|Daniel Ziegler|Inspect Project|
|Leonardo Risatti|Inspect Project|
|Morten Haase|Inspect Project|

## Further Information
---

# Meeting Protocol 02.10.

## Type of Meeting
This meeting was a ```Weekly```.

## Protocol Writer
This protocol was written by ```Martin Böhm```.

## Meeting Participants

* Martin Böhm
* Florian Zahn
* Federico DiBenedetto
* Felix Bandl
* Daniel Ziegler
* Leonardo Risatti
* Morten Haase

## Meeting Duration
This meeting took ```30 Minutes```.

## Agenda and Summary

|Agenda          |Summary                      |
|----------------|-----------------------------|
|Introduction GitHub (Florian)|Use of Issues, Test-Branches, Pull Requests, Git Desktop|
|Concrete Requirements|Martin asks for Meeting with Stakeholders|
|Start Documentation|Additional Meeting in Small Group (9.10.)

<a name="02_10_WP"></a>
## Work Progress 

|Name            |Task                              |
|----------------|----------------------------------|
|Martin Böhm |Inspect Project, Inquiry: Meeting with Stakeholders|
|Florian Zahn|Inspect Project|
|Federico DiBenedetto|Inspect Project|
|Felix Bandl|Inspect Project|
|Daniel Ziegler|Inspect Project|
|Leonardo Risatti|Inspect Project|
|Morten Haase|Inspect Project|

## Further Information
---


# Meeting Protocol 06.10.  

## Type of Meeting
This meeting was a ```Ad-hoc```.

## Protocol Writer
This protocol was written by ```Felix Bandl```.

## Meeting Participants

* Martin Böhm
* Florian Zahn
* Federico DiBenedetto
* Felix Bandl
* Daniel Ziegler
* Leonardo Risatti
* Morten Haase

## Meeting Duration
This meeting took ```1 hour```.

## Agenda and Summary

|Agenda          |Summary                      |
|----------------|-----------------------------|
|Basyx Starter Kit|Each Team Member has fully developed Environment|
|UI User Test|UI Test with Test Samples|
|Requirements|Collections of Questions for Stakeholders|


## Work Progress 
see [Work Progress Last Meeting](#02_10_WP)

## Further Information/Problems
* Issues with Docker and Server-Setup
* Understanding of Requirements is problematic
* Basyx/ AAS-Environment hard to understand
* What is KBL/VEC?


# Meeting Protocol 09.10.

## Type of Meeting
This meeting was a ```Special Meeting```.

## Protocol Writer
This protocol was written by ```Martin Böhm```.

## Meeting Participants

* Martin Böhm
* Felix Bandl
* Daniel Ziegler

## Meeting Duration
This meeting took ```1 hour```.

## Agenda and Summary

|Agenda          |Summary                      |
|----------------|-----------------------------|
|Documentation |Responsibilities for CRS,SRS,SAS,BC,GANTT,PSP|
|Information, Sources|TINF22, AI|
|Starting Issues on GitHub|Martin initializes

## Work Progress

|Name            |Task                              |
|----------------|----------------------------------|
|Martin Böhm |Meeting Minutes, README 1.0|
|Florian Zahn|SAS|
|Federico DiBenedetto|SRS|
|Felix Bandl|CRS, PSP|
|Daniel Ziegler|STP, SRS Version 1.0|
|Leonardo Risatti|PM|
|Morten Haase|BC, GANTT|

## Further Information/Problems
* Deadline 16.10. for first versions of several documents
* Collection of Feedback concerning Basyx Wiki

# Meeting Protocol 16.10.

## Type of Meeting
This meeting was a ```Weekly```.

## Protocol Writer
This protocol was written by ```Martin Böhm```.

## Meeting Participants

* Martin Böhm
* Florian Zahn
* Federico DiBenedetto
* Felix Bandl
* Daniel Ziegler
* Leonardo Risatti
* Morten Haase

## Meeting Duration
This meeting took ```45 Minutes```.

## Agenda and Summary

|Agenda          |Summary                      |
|----------------|-----------------------------|
|CRS 1st Version|Felix presents, Feedback about Graphics and including UC04|
|SRS 1st Version|Daniel presents, Feedback about Flowcharts and including UC04, further steps by Fede|
|BC 1st Version|Morten presents, Overview und Viable obligatory?, Conversion Markdown|
|GANTT 1st Version|Morten presents, keeps the Responsibility, Changes concerning GANTT to communicate to Morten|


## Work Progress 

|Name            |Task                              |
|----------------|----------------------------------|
|Martin Böhm |Update Issues|
|Florian Zahn|SAS (Deadline 30.10.), Small Group Development with Choose of Members|
|Federico DiBenedetto|SRS, UC04 integration (dependent of Felix)|
|Felix Bandl|UC04 Evaluation with Festo Employee, CRS Update|
|Daniel Ziegler|Start STP and Test preliminary consideration|
|Leonardo Risatti|PM 1st Version (Deadline 23.10.), Supervision of PSP (Felix) and GANTT (Morten)|
|Morten Haase|BC to Markdown, Update GANTT, Research BC-Overview & BC-Viable |

## Further Information
Start Developer Environment by Flo: Cloning Repos, Starting Small Dev-Group, further Details next Meeting


# Meeting Protocol 23.10.

## Type of Meeting
This meeting was a ```Weekly```.

## Protocol Writer
This protocol was written by ```Martin Böhm```.

## Meeting Participants

* Martin Böhm
* Florian Zahn
* Federico DiBenedetto
* Felix Bandl
* Daniel Ziegler
* Leonardo Risatti
* Morten Haase

## Meeting Duration
This meeting took ```30 Minutes```.

## Agenda and Summary

|Agenda          |Summary                      |
|----------------|-----------------------------|
|PM 1st Version|Leo presents, feedback about structure/necessary chapters|
|BC 2st Version|Morten presents, including profit|
|UC04|Felix in contact with Festo employee, waiting for answer|
|Start Implementation|Discussion: How much this Semester, learning VUE -> Small Group Fede + Flo|
|Presentation 21.11.|template creation (Morten+Martin), potentially Mockups/Wireframes, potentially first Implementation/Prototypes|


## Work Progress 

|Name            |Task                              |
|----------------|----------------------------------|
|Martin Böhm |Update Issues, presentation template (Deadline 6.11.)|
|Florian Zahn|SAS 1st Version (Deadline 30.10.), strategy for Development/Implementation start|
|Federico DiBenedetto|strategy for Development/Implementation Start, UC04 integration in SRS (dependent of Felix)|
|Felix Bandl|UC04 evaluation with Festo employee, Mockup/Wireframe 1st version (Deadline 6.11.)|
|Daniel Ziegler|start STP and test preliminary consideration|
|Leonardo Risatti|supervision of PSP (Felix) and GANTT (Morten)|
|Morten Haase|presentation template (6.11.), BC to Markdown/Github, research BC-Overview & BC-Viable, update GANTT, |

## Further Information
Group wants to start Implementation milestone in November 2025, procedure will be designed by Flo/Fede

# Meeting Protocol 30.10.

## Type of Meeting
This meeting was a ```Weekly```.

## Protocol Writer
This protocol was written by ```Martin Böhm```.

## Meeting Participants

* Martin Böhm
* Florian Zahn
* Federico DiBenedetto
* Felix Bandl
* Daniel Ziegler
* Leonardo Risatti

## Meeting Duration
This meeting took ```45 Minutes```.

## Agenda and Summary

|Agenda          |Summary                      |
|----------------|-----------------------------|
|SAS 1st Version|Flo presents, tbd chapter 7, introduction mermaid-graph|
|Wireframes|Felix presents, feedback und discussion about UC01,UC02|
|Requirement discussion|deeper understanding UC01,UC02,UC03


## Work Progress 

|Name            |Task                              |
|----------------|----------------------------------|
|Martin Böhm |update Issues, presentation template (Deadline 6.11.)|
|Florian Zahn|strategy for Development/Implementation start, Vue-Learning|
|Federico DiBenedetto|strategy for Development/Implementation start, update graphes (mermaid), Vue-Learning, update SRS (UC01,02)|
|Felix Bandl|UC04 evaluation with Festo employee, Mockup/Wireframe 1st version (Deadline 6.11.), update CRS (UC01,02)|
|Daniel Ziegler|start STP and test preliminary consideration|
|Leonardo Risatti|supervision of PSP (Felix) and GANTT (Morten)|
|Morten Haase|presentation template (6.11.), BC to Markdown/Github, update GANTT (Wireframes), |

## Further Information
Next meeting promptly for further discussion concerning Wireframes, UCs


# Meeting Protocol 31.10.

## Type of Meeting
This meeting was a ```Stakeholder Meeting```.

## Protocol Writer
This protocol was written by ```Martin Böhm```.

## Meeting Participants

* Martin Böhm
* Florian Zahn
* Federico DiBenedetto
* Felix Bandl
* Daniel Ziegler
* Morten Haase

## Meeting Duration
This meeting took ```180 Minutes```.

## Agenda and Summary

|Agenda          |Summary                      |
|----------------|-----------------------------|
|Requirement Understanding with Stakeholder|UC01: MimeType compatible with IANA + KBL/VEC to XML |
||UC02: XML-Visualization with "table of contents" and single view of chapters/IDs|
 | |UC03: AAS-Generator for KBL/VEC-Files with extraction of IDs as Properties, KBL/VEC as Assets|
 ||low priority UC04: Backend extraction of single ID-Inputs out of XML (usage in visualization)|


## Work Progress 

|Name            |Task                              |
|----------------|----------------------------------|
|Martin Böhm |update Issues, presentation template (Deadline 7.11.)|
|Florian Zahn|SAS update submodels, strategy for Development/Implementation start, Vue-Learning|
|Federico DiBenedetto|strategy for Development/Implementation start, Vue-Learning, update SRS UCs|
|Felix Bandl|UC04 evaluation with Festo employee, Mockup/Wireframe 2nd version (Deadline 7.11.), update CRS UCs|
|Daniel Ziegler|start STP and test preliminary consideration|
|Leonardo Risatti|supervision of PSP (Felix) and GANTT (Morten)|
|Morten Haase|presentation template (7.11.), BC to Markdown/Github, update GANTT (Wireframes)|

## Further Information
Task for Learning Vue, Manipulation of UI for Learning Vue

# Meeting Protocol 07.11.

## Type of Meeting
This meeting was a ```Weekly```.

## Protocol Writer
This protocol was written by ```Martin Böhm```.

## Meeting Participants

* Martin Böhm
* Florian Zahn
* Federico DiBenedetto
* Felix Bandl
* Daniel Ziegler
* Morten Haase
* Leonardo Risatti

## Meeting Duration
This meeting took ```60 Minutes```.

## Agenda and Summary

|Agenda          |Summary                      |
|----------------|-----------------------------|
|Update UCs in CRS,SRS and SAS|Felix presents, discussion and result on current version|
|Update Wireframes|Felix presents, discussion and result on current version|
 |Template Presentation |Morten/Martin present, changes on visual design, allocation of chapters to team members|
 |


## Work Progress 

|Name            |Task                              |
|----------------|----------------------------------|
|Martin Böhm |update Issues, preparation of presentation (Deadline 14.11.)|
|Florian Zahn|preparation of presentation (Deadline 14.11.), SAS update submodels, strategy for Development/Implementation start, Vue-Learning|
|Federico DiBenedetto|preparation of presentation (Deadline 14.11.), Vue-Learning, update SRS UCs|
|Felix Bandl|preparation of presentation (Deadline 14.11.), Wireframes correction of typo|
|Daniel Ziegler|preparation of presentation (Deadline 14.11.), start STP and test preliminary consideration|
|Leonardo Risatti|preparation of presentation (Deadline 14.11.), supervision of PSP (Felix) and GANTT (Morten)|
|Morten Haase|preparation of presentation (Deadline 14.11.), BC to Markdown/Github, update GANTT (Wireframes)|

## Further Information

# Meeting Protocol 14.11.

## Type of Meeting
This meeting was a ```Weekly```.

## Protocol Writer
This protocol was written by ```Martin Böhm```.

## Meeting Participants

* Martin Böhm
* Florian Zahn
* Federico DiBenedetto
* Felix Bandl
* Daniel Ziegler
* Morten Haase
* Leonardo Risatti

## Meeting Duration
This meeting took ```90 Minutes```.

## Agenda and Summary

|Agenda          |Summary                      |
|----------------|-----------------------------|
|Briefing Presentation|Layout, Design und Content Discussion|


## Work Progress 

|Name            |Task                              |
|----------------|----------------------------------|
|Martin Böhm |preparation of presentation|
|Florian Zahn|preparation of presentation (Enumeration of graphics, Graph Updates)|
|Federico DiBenedetto|preparation of presentation (Enumeration of graphics, Graph Updates)|
|Felix Bandl|preparation of presentation (UCs & FR in Graph)|
|Daniel Ziegler|preparation of presentation|
|Leonardo Risatti|preparation of presentation|
|Morten Haase|preparation of presentation (Update Corporate Design)|

## Further Information
